I think it's really neat, actually, that I am but alum because I feel
that that I've had the experience of being a student at Cal State Fullerton.
I know you know some of the common problems that students have,
but I also know some of the, you know, the strength that our students
have and s So I think that it's just that experiential edge that
you get. Um, I love the students at Cal State Fullerton. I think
there's just such a great group. There's such a great demographic group.
They're so hard working and they are just ready for challenges.
And they're so resourceful there, So resourceful. Um, I've talked
with other friends who worked at different universities, even, you know,
around the country. Um, and I have to say, like, I think that my
student group my students are students at Cal State Fullerton are
just some of the most awesome students, um, that I've ever had the privilege
to work with on DSO. I do think that being a mum, being an
alum is kind of a useful thing for me because I kind of know, like some
of the ins and outs I mean It's definitely changed since I was there
Is a a young student. Um, but, you know, some things were still
the same, and I think that that gives me a little bit more like knowledge
of, like, the infrastructure of Cal State Fullerton. Like, I'm
a little more familiar with that than maybe somebody who wasn't a
student there. So I think there are some advantages to being in a lump.